Talk to me , sweetie, beauty. All right with you.
here the speaker is the lion and you are here
in her blog she is and bringing a news
too top for you guys okay now
starting from today a
superpromotion a super settlement
microsoft call and ultimate game
huh
according to Major Nelson.
settlement will get discounts of 40 to 50
percent
subscribers of xbox live gold still go
have another 10 percent economy galley
among the featured titles will have
mortal kombat 10 was cry 4 hori and the
blind force beyond the neide dragon
inquisition and more other great games
xbox one catalog games on the question
xbox 360 we will get justice
god a sleeves and an orange box which
games are already planning to
promotion in which the games that
Are you expecting to receive a
generous discount on the way out here
view and run there in the xbox store at
in your live to acquire the titles that
they are very interesting price
I hope you have enjoyed the
news if you want to follow me live do
xbox the year for us to play together and
to exchange an idea is blog ralé mine
other social networks are down here
the piece also for you to follow in the
facebook, guys, run there facebook.com
hallef blog bar that I have
talked a lot with subscribers
through facebook then the tool
that brings us closer to beauty
leave your favorite book if you do not
subscribe that embrace
Stay with God and I'll be fine.